README.md, before:

# Autonomous outside weather station

Build a complete autonomous outside weather station that can stay for years without battery change in your garden.
The station communicate the weather data to your home server OR a web server.
You can at any time access the graphs and last sensors values, from a web interface (smartphone compatible).

TODO : put a picture here

# Elements

Here is the detailed list of logical elements that compose the station.

## Station 

## Main card with Wifi communication

## Power module (Solar powered battery with level  via I2C)

This module provide 4 outputs, 2 for power (+3.7V/GND) and 2 for battery level (I2C).
The battery is continuously charged by solar panel, with surcharge protection.
This module is autonomous and can be reuse in some other ESP8266 project.

[Detailed infos (Build instructions, components, sample code)](./elements/power_module/README.md)

## Rain counter module (Autonomous + low power consumption)  

This module provide a 5 pin interface: 2 for power (+3.7V/GND), 1 for waking up the module, 2 for communication (I2C)
This module should count the number of millimeter of rain. 
With a low power and complete autonomy even if main card is in sleep mode.

[Detailed infos (Build instructions, components, sample code)](./elements/rain_counter_module/README.md)

## Temperature sensor

## Atmospheric Pressure

## Sun sensor (Light level sensor)

## Web Interface (Running on a home server)

# Build instructions

## Complete list of required materials

## Complete wire schemes (with all elements together)

## Final programs

Commit message:

fix(doc): add doc for moisture and barometric module

README.md, after:

# Autonomous outside weather station

Build a complete autonomous outside weather station that can stay for years without battery change in your garden.
The station communicate the weather data to your home server OR a web server.
You can at any time access the graphs and last sensors values, from a web interface (smartphone compatible).

TODO : put a picture here

# Elements

Here is the detailed list of logical elements that compose the station.

## Station 

## Main card with Wifi communication

## Power module (Solar powered battery with level via I2C)

This module provide 4 outputs, 2 for power (+3.7V/GND) and 2 for battery level (I2C).
The battery is continuously charged by solar panel, with surcharge protection.
This module is autonomous and can be reuse in some other ESP8266 project.

[Detailed infos (Build instructions, components, sample code)](./elements/power_module/README.md)

## Rain counter module (Autonomous + low power consumption)  

This module provide a 5 pin interface: 2 for power (+3.7V/GND), 1 for waking up the module, 2 for communication (I2C)
This module should count the number of millimeter of rain. 
With a low power and complete autonomy even if main card is in sleep mode.

[Detailed infos (Build instructions, components, sample code)](./elements/rain_counter_module/README.md)

## Temperature sensor

## Atmospheric Pressure (+ station inside temperature and altitude)

This module provide atmospheric pressure, the temperature and the altitude.
This module is soldered directly on the main card with the ESP8266. (not autonomous, cannot be replace)

[Detailed infos (Build instructions, components, sample code)](./elements/barometric_sensor/README.md)

## Moisture sensor (or Hygrometer)

This module you can read the humidity of the soil with a probe.
This module provide a 4 pin interface (2 for power (3.7V/GND), 1 for waking up the module, 1 for com/reading)

[Detailed infos (Build instructions, components, sample code)](./elements/moisture_sensor/README.md)

## Sun sensor (Light level sensor)

## Web Interface (Running on a home server)

# Build instructions

## Complete list of required materials

## Complete wire schemes (with all elements together)

## Final programs
